[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Three
near-death experiences?
>>DEBRA MARTIN: Yes
>>NOORY: What happened?
>>MARTIN: Before I knew it,
I was in another dimension.
I felt this presence
behind me, and I heard,
are you ready to die?
My body was being held by God.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MARTIN: He's like,
you need to go back,
but you're going to have a gift.
And so that really
opened my mediumship up.
>>NOORY: There's a case of Mary,
who has a little eight-year-old
daughter named Willa,
that you worked on.
>>MARTIN: It was an
emergency healing.
It was the words
that God gave me
to tell Mary, hold your faith.
Don't listen to the
doctors, because all things
are possible.
>>NOORY: You're tearing me up.
>>MARTIN: I offer my body up
to be the instrument and vessel
for each and every
person that I heal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NOORY: We have a very special
"Beyond Belief" program for you
today.
Debra Martin is with us, an
intuitive healer, certified lab
research medium, and
she's had three near-death
experiences herself and
has developed a very unique
distant-healing technique.
Welcome, Debra.
It's good to have you back.
>>MARTIN: Thank you.
>>NOORY: How are you?
>>MARTIN: I'm doing
really well, thank you.
It's so nice to see
you in-person again.
>>NOORY: Three
near-death experiences?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>NOORY: What happened to you?
>>MARTIN: Well, each
one gave me something
that I've learned from,
and the first one,
I was in an automobile accident.
It was the same night that
Princess Diana had passed.
I was out with a
few friends, and it
was time to get in the car.
And I had a premonition.
>>NOORY: You felt
it, didn't you?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
Don't get in the car,
but my friends were like,
don't worry about it.
You're just worried,
because you just
watched Princess Diana pass.
Well, I got in the car.
We were driving on the freeway
home, and I heard in my mind,
something's going
to happen right now.
And at that moment,
I subconsciously
must have knew that we were
going to be in a car accident,
because I said, no.
Not now.
I have three beautiful children.
They need me.
At that moment, a van with no
windows came and sideswiped us.
>>NOORY: My God.
>>MARTIN: And we took
out 40 feet of guardrail.
It was a sports car.
I was in the back seat,
little, little pocket
left, facing oncoming traffic--
>>NOORY: No seat belt on, right?
Nobody does in the back seat.
>>MARTIN: It just all broke.
So we couldn't get out.
So at that moment,
we were panicked.
How are we going to get out?
We see cars coming towards us.
>>NOORY: Were you
injured at the time?
>>MARTIN: The driver was.
She broke her leg.
I ended up having a neck
injury, but during the accident,
you don't know that.
>>NOORY: You don't
feel anything.
>>MARTIN: You don't
>>NOORY: It's just too
much you're in shock.
>>MARTIN: Where am I?
What just happened?
So this gentleman came to
our door out of nowhere,
was able to open the door fine.
Took us each out, carried
us to the embankment,
and I remember
him looking at me.
He kissed my forehead, and he
said, you will meet me again.
You will be fine.
And I said, no, no, no, no, no.
This ring that
I'm wearing today,
I said, it's pressing
on my finger.
It's making it bleed.
It's hurting.
He took this ring, put it
in his mouth, and bit it.
I have his teeth marks.
>>NOORY: He bit it off?
>>MARTIN: He bit it and bent it.
Now, if you tried to, you can't.
It's a hard ring.
You cannot bend it.
>>NOORY: Your teeth would break.
>>MARTIN: Right, and plus you're
putting somebody else's blood
in your mouth.
People don't do that, right?
>>NOORY: Especially
in those days.
>>MARTIN: So ambulances
were coming from the right.
I happened to look to the right,
and when I looked to the left,
he was gone.
No one's seen him.
>>NOORY: Your angel?
>>MARTIN: Yes, divine
intervention at that moment.
And so that opened my door
to what just happened.
The afterlife, who was that?
It brought an awareness to me.
>>NOORY: That was
near-death number one.
What about number two?
>>MARTIN: So number two
was a car accident again.
>>NOORY: You and cars
don't work out well.
>>MARTIN: Yes, well, no more.
So anyway, I was
sitting at a turn
bay ready to go
into a neighborhood,
and I didn't have
any premonition.
I was just being waiting for
traffic to go, so I could turn.
Before I knew it, I was
in another dimension.
And I was looking
down on my car,
and I was witnessing myself--
>>NOORY: Were you
out of your body?
>>MARTIN: I was out of my
body in another dimension.
>>NOORY: And you didn't
know that at the time?
>>MARTIN: No.
I didn't even know
it until I heard--
I felt this presence behind
me, and I heard, are you ready?
I said, are you ready?
At that moment, I knew,
are you ready to die?
And I said, no.
No, no, no.
Life's too good.
In a split second, I
looked down, and I said,
I'm not going to survive that.
>>NOORY: There's no way, right?
>>MARTIN: There's no way.
There was a big
tractor truck carrying
another truck,
tractors behind it,
and they were going
to come and crush me.
I said, I'm not going
to survive that.
And all of a sudden, I woke
up in the back seat of my car
again in this little,
little pocket.
All windows were broken out.
Everything inside of the
car was out in the street,
and I had a mouthful of glass.
A police officer and a
gentleman were at my door,
and he was saying,
are you OK, ma'am?
Are you OK, ma'am?
We're so sorry.
We were trying to get this man
that was on a diabetic seizure.
>>NOORY: Were you back in
your body by that time?
>>MARTIN: I was back
in my body, and all I
remember is now I have
a mouthful of glass.
And he's like, we
were in pursuit
to get this man off
the road, and he
was in a diabetic seizure, and
you're what he came to stop.
>>NOORY: He passes out--
>>MARTIN: So he hit me
at 65 miles an hour.
So then he asked the
gentleman next to him.
Sir, are you OK?
And he goes, no.
I'm really shaken.
I should have killed her.
In a split-second, someone
took my steering wheel
and put me into
oncoming traffic.
>>NOORY: Oh my God.
It's that same entity.
>>MARTIN: And then that's
when it clicked to me.
I said, wait a minute.
I saw that.
I saw that, but
not only did I see
that, I was hearing a spirit.
So I know that another
dimension exists.
I know that I was somewhere.
And so that really
opened my mediumship up,
and that's when I went to the
University of Arizona and got
tested by Dr. Gary Schwartz
and Dr. Julie Beischel.
>>NOORY: Good people.
>>MARTIN: Good people.
>>NOORY: So this
experience, these first two,
changed your life?
>>MARTIN: It shifted the core
of who I was, and who I became.
>>NOORY: You know who the
wonderful Raymond Moody is?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Raymond,
of course, a legacy
of near-death experiences.
He talked with us about
the common elements
that people experience like you
during near-death experiences.
>>RAYMOND MOODY:
And basically they
consist of elements that are
common all over the world.
Not every person has all of the
elements, but among the things
that people say are that they
hear the doctor say something
like, oh my God, he's dead.
Or we've lost her.
Which is very
surprising to them,
because they say
that I have never
felt so alive as when I heard
that doctor say, I was dead.
Because from their
point of view,
they feel that they
distance themselves
from their physical
body, and they
watch the scene of
the resuscitation
typically from a point
of view above it.
As this progresses,
they eventually wake up
to the fact that this must be
something to do with death.
And at that point, they enter
into states of consciousness
that no matter how
articulate they may be,
they say there are
no words for it.
That it's ineffable
or indescribable.
They go through a passageway
into a beautiful light.
They feel comfort,
peace, and joy.
They meet relatives and friends
of theirs who have died,
and they go through panoramic
memory, in which everything
they've ever done is
displayed around them
in a holographic,
three-dimensional panorama.
And they come back
from these experiences
with a total new take
on life, thinking
that the most important thing
we can do while we're here
is to learn how to love.
And saying that they have
no more fear of death,
because they feel that
death is just a transition
into some other reality.
>>NOORY: Did some of those
things happen to you, Debra?
>>MARTIN: It's like I'm
hearing him speak about me.
>>NOORY: That is you?
>>MARTIN: Yes, because I do
feel that we're here for love.
And I do feel that I do
everything out of love,
and my healings are about love.
And it did feel when
I went to these spaces
that I was surrounded by
love, and it shifted me not
to fear death at all.
>>NOORY: Why do you think with
these first two experiences
you were saved?
>>MARTIN: They gave me a lesson.
They taught me something.
They showed me something.
The first one was the awakening
of divine intervention.
Somebody else was
there to save me.
And so I started the
search on the journey
of what is the afterlife?
The second one really opened
the door to my mediumship.
I'm hearing the voice.
I heard them.
They're on the other side.
Something exists beyond us,
so that opened that door.
And then the third NDE,
I was sick and dying.
I was down to about 90 pounds.
Mayo Clinic couldn't figure
out what was wrong with me.
>>NOORY: 90 pounds?
>>MARTIN: And I was in extreme
pain, so I wanted to die.
I lost all dignity, all hope.
And so I had four
children, one daughter
that was still living with me,
and she was in third grade.
So to think of it
now that I wanted
to leave her seems like I
couldn't even think that way.
>>NOORY: Is it selfish?
>>MARTIN: It wasn't.
I felt like you're not
thinking of your family members
at that time.
You're thinking about--
>>NOORY: Yourself?
>>MARTIN: I can't
exist this way.
I have no quality of life,
and so I was praying.
Please take me.
>>NOORY: Was it emotional pain?
Or what kind of pain was it?
>>MARTIN: Physical pain.
>>NOORY: Physical?
>>MARTIN: I couldn't eat even a
piece of toast, a little bite,
without being extreme pain
almost like I was in labor.
>>NOORY: Where was the pain?
>>MARTIN: All in the gut.
>>NOORY: Your stomach?
>>MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Very weird.
Did they ever find out
what was wrong with you?
>>MARTIN: No, they didn't,
and I asked God that question.
How come I never figured
out what that was?
And the answer was,
if we would have
told you what was
wrong with you,
you would have labeled
yourself with this.
You would have said
that this is what I had.
This is what I have.
And by not ever knowing, I
never say that I had something.
>>NOORY: What happened there?
>>MARTIN: So I
was praying daily.
Please take me now,
and spiritual surgeons
showed up in my room.
Now you would think that would
sound crazy, but being a medium
and seeing a spirit,
it didn't frighten me.
And I thought,
well, maybe they're
here because I'm praying,
and I'm going to be healed.
And so it became
painful, and I knew
I needed to just calm my mind.
And I just took a deep breath,
and when I took a deep breath,
I left my body.
>>NOORY: Another OBE.
>>MARTIN: And this time,
I felt myself leaving.
I was slowly
transitioning upward.
It felt like you were floating.
>>NOORY: Did you
like this feeling?
>>MARTIN: I loved this feeling.
I was no more in pain,
and I was like, OK.
Well, where am I going?
And I was going
through this light,
and I became where
I just was standing.
It felt like I was on
clouds, and I'm just
looking around like, OK.
I'm here all by myself.
Now what?
And all of a sudden, I saw these
hands coming out like this.
Now I believe God will come
to you in many forms for you
to see.
So I don't like to describe
what I saw, because I don't
want it to limit it to people.
But all of a sudden, I
saw that I was being held.
My body was being held by God.
I could see my hair
draped down, but I
was-- my soul was watching.
My spirit was watching.
So I'm out of body seeing this,
and now I'm filled with love.
Just surrounded with
love like I felt safe.
It was like it was just
I wasn't even questioning
what was happening.
>>NOORY: This is not like
the other two NDEs, is it?
>>MARTIN: No, this
is so profound.
So I followed God, and he put me
on this beam of light, my body.
He took me into this
space, where we were
going to have a conversation.
And I said, well,
why do we have to go
into-- it was like a dome.
He said, because what
I'm going to speak to you
can only be heard by you.
And so I was shown a
life span contract.
And it said, I was
on borrowed time,
and I was supposed to come back.
And I said, I don't
want to go back.
I was arguing.
>>NOORY: You were happy there?
>>MARTIN: Yes, and I even
asked, can I see my parents?
No, Debra.
You can't see your parents.
Well, why?
Because then you
won't want to leave.
>>NOORY: Have they passed on?
>>MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
So I said, can I stay
here for a little while?
And he's like, no.
You need to go back, but
you're going to have a gift.
>>NOORY: And that
was the healing?
>>MARTIN: That was
the healing, and he
made me sign the contract.
He said, remember
this date, 1/21/12.
All things are reversible,
and so is this.
So when I came
back into my body,
I could feel myself
floating back.
And it was like as if the
whole body moved like this.
Like I was coming in.
And it was as if
you're underwater,
and you go, like that.
And when I did that, when I
took that big breath like that,
I was like, what just happened?
And am I the same person?
>>NOORY: And you're back
in your body again, right?
>>MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
Immediately.
>>NOORY: In a jarring effect?
>>MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: You have witnessed
some miraculous healings,
many of which you
have done yourself.
There's a case of
Mary in Massachusetts,
who has a little eight-year-old
daughter named Willa
that you worked on.
Tell us a little bit
about what you did.
>>MARTIN: What happened
with Willa was I
got a call from her aunt, and
I was told that baby Willa was
in the hospital in Boston.
I was told nothing about
what was wrong with--
>>NOORY: And how old
was Willa at the time?
>>MARTIN: 14 months.
>>NOORY: Just a little baby?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
And so it was an
emergency healing.
And so without knowing anything,
I went into the healing.
I had her picture.
I placed her picture
on my abdomen,
so that I can become her proxy.
>>NOORY: Did the mother
expect you to be doing this?
>>MARTIN: Yes, the mother
knew I was doing this.
She gave permission.
So during the
session, I felt like I
was connecting with Willa.
I could see Willa, and I could
see this spiral of energy
like a figure eight
going through the body.
And that it was going
through all different areas
of the body.
And as it does, then it heals.
It sits into where it needs to
go and just heals those areas.
And I felt a lot of work
being done on the head.
I could feel as if there was
energy and a being standing
there working on this
area of the head.
So a lot happens during
a healing session.
So as I'm feeling the
things happen on my body,
I'm experiencing pain
and going through it.
I'm also seeing baby Willa,
and I'm hearing words from God.
And the words from God were
saying not only to baby Willa.
You're going to be OK.
And being held.
I felt she was
being held by God,
and she was nodding her head
like she was giving permission.
But words to the
parents of doctors
who are going to say that
this isn't looking good,
and this isn't going
to be something doctors
are going to be able to fix.
Only the highest divine can fix.
>>NOORY: And they
definitely are not
going to accept you
as a healer, are they?
Doctors are strange.
>>MARTIN: Well, I don't even
know if the doctors know
I'm doing this.
>>NOORY: At the time?
>>MARTIN: But I'm
recording this,
so they're going to get
the recording of what I say
and what happens.
And what I'm saying to them
is, don't believe the doctors,
because the doctors
are going to say
that this isn't looking good.
So part of your role
is to keep your faith.
Then I was told--
I kept seeing the
number three, twice.
Three, three.
What does that mean?
I asked the question.
Three meant in three days, you
will start to see improvement.
In three weeks,
she will be healed.
And then I felt this
pressure in my ear.
My ear hurt.
It was right at the
end of the session.
I think I might have even
turned the MP4 off at that time.
>>NOORY: Do you hear
a ringing in your ear?
>>MARTIN: No, just extreme
pain like my-- almost
like your eardrum's
going to erupt.
And it popped.
I remember that pop,
and then I remember
water draining out of it.
And I said, that's really weird.
>>NOORY: So, Debra, with
the wonders of Zoom,
we're going live
to Massachusetts,
where Mary is right now.
Little Willa will
join us in a moment.
Mary, hello there.
>> MARY FRANKE: Hi, George.
Hi, Debra.
>>NOORY: Great to have
you on the program.
So I'd like for
you to tell us how
you met Debra,
how you found her,
and the astounding thing that
she did for little Willa.
>> FRANKE: Yes, I can.
Well, first off, I couldn't have
done this without you, Debra.
I wouldn't have gone through it.
So thank you, and
we love you so much.
So I didn't know Debra.
I didn't know her name.
I didn't know
anything about her.
It was my sister that
reached out to her.
It was the third day in
the hospital so right
in the beginning.
We had just arrived
and been quarantined
for three weeks, a long--
very long three weeks.
So when my sister said,
I'm going to arrange this.
She's going to do an
emergency healing.
She has this long wait
list to work with her.
But somehow I got
through, and she's
willing to do this for us.
And I remember it
being like, OK.
I got it.
That's awesome.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I love you.
It was just in the hospital
mayhem of everything
that was going on.
But it was particularly a time
of being there that we didn't
feel like we had any answers,
anything concrete, anything
scheduled.
They were talking about
all these surgeries
they might have
to do and will do,
so it was this moment of, OK.
We have something.
We have something going on,
and I said to my husband,
we need to listen
to this recording
that we'll receive tonight.
I don't care how
we do it or when,
but we found a time
to do it that night
to listen to her recording.
>>NOORY: Now,
Willa was 14 months
when all this was happening.
What was wrong with her?
What did the doctors tell you?
>> FRANKE: So she was 14 months.
She was completely
healthy and happy,
and there was never
anything wrong with her.
She went to her 15
month visit a couple
of days before this started.
And we noticed the swelling
happening in her neck,
and we took her to
the pediatrician.
They weren't concerned,
or they didn't scare us.
But they said, it could
be a swollen lymph node.
She might have an infection.
Let's put her on antibiotics,
and this was the first time
putting her on an antibiotic.
So they sent us home, and then
she wasn't feeling any better.
She was grabbing at
her neck and crying.
So we got scared, and we called
the doctor back and said,
can we come back
in for a checkup?
And so we went back in.
She got a blood test,
and they sent us home.
They said, we'll call
you with results.
And they called, and I
think I had gone back
to work that day
after the appointment.
And they said, you need to
rush her to the ER immediately.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>> FRANKE: Her white blood
cell count is through the roof,
and I didn't really know
what that meant at the time.
But it indicates that your body
is really fighting something,
and they were scared.
So we took her to the ER.
Luckily we lived
in the city, and we
were close to the best
hospital in the world.
And so I felt like we
were in good hands.
And that first day may have
felt like the longest, because I
just was dreaming about that
next day where I'll be home.
And this will all be figured
out, and everything will be OK.
And then we never left.
So it was just from one day
to the next, it was bad news.
They never were able
to understand what
these abscesses of infections--
why any antibiotics or any
drugs were not penetrating it
and weren't--
she wasn't getting any better.
>>NOORY: Was this
cancerous at all?
>> FRANKE: We didn't
know at the time.
They really couldn't identify
the infection until--
really, the last day was
when they were like, OK.
It wasn't this.
It was this, but they
never knew what caused it.
They stopped asking
questions, and they just--
it was irrelevant at the
time after a few days.
>>NOORY: And what did they
recommend, Mary, for treatment?
>> FRANKE: They tried every
heavy antibiotic they had.
This was IV, after IV, after IV,
after blood test, fresh blood
test.
And then she had
major surgery to try
to drain the abscess in the
base of her head and her neck,
and they were hoping to
reach the second one, which
was in the worst spot it could
possibly be in your body.
Because it threatened
to burst, and expose,
and infect your whole body
and be a fatal situation.
So they were able to
drain the first one.
They weren't able to
reach the second one.
So it was really a nightmare.
>>NOORY: Was she dying?
>> FRANKE: I never let
myself believe that,
but after it was
all said and done,
we talked to a lot of
specialists and head
of the hospital.
Yes, it was usually a fatal
situation in that circumstance.
>>NOORY: So when Debra
entered the picture,
what did she first say to you?
I'm going to cure your daughter?
I'm going to do this?
And what did you think?
>> FRANKE: It was nothing I
knew at the time, but after,
it all made sense.
But what I did know, and
what I did observe and take
from the words was that
this is going to be a longer
road than you think.
She isn't going to get
better for three weeks.
And at that point, I
was like, three weeks?
What?
It's been three
days, and each day
was like a year
when your child--
>>NOORY: Oh, I believe it.
>>FRANKE: But she said,
I need you all to listen,
and you are all part of this.
She needed to get our attention.
So we could be her
strength, and we could not
let this fear in that was
coming from everywhere.
>>NOORY: But did you have
the full faith and confidence
in Debra at that point?
>> FRANKE: In my
heart, I think I did.
But I didn't know, and
my husband certainly
was like, so she
doesn't even know us.
She doesn't know why we're here.
She doesn't know anything
about what-- she really only
had her picture.
She didn't know.
>>NOORY: But a lot
of people, Mary,
would think this kind of healing
is nothing but mumbo jumbo.
Did that ever hit your head?
>> FRANKE: No, not for me.
>>NOORY: So you believed
from the beginning
that this could work?
>> FRANKE: I had more faith in
her words, and her instruction,
and the way she gave me a
roadmap for that experience was
what I clung to.
And I was getting information
24 hours a day from three teams
at the hospital.
>>NOORY: Hold that
thought, Mary.
Hold that thought for a second.
Debra.
So when you're with
Willa and Mary,
what did you do to
make her feel better?
>>MARTIN: It was the words that
God gave me to tell Mary was--
and that was very difficult for
me to send to you, was to say--
and I even get emotional
now, because it just
brings it all back.
But to tell a mother
that their daughter's
going to be, in three
days, to get better,
and I know nothing
what's going on.
And then to say in
three weeks to the day
she's going to go home.
But to stand in your faith
that that's your role.
Hold your faith.
Don't listen to the
doctors, because all things
are possible.
>>NOORY: You're tearing me up.
>>MARTIN: It was
really a miracle.
And to be able to send
that recording to you
that I didn't know,
saying, OK, God.
I'm trusting you, and with that
trust-- because with the work
that I do, I have
to have 100% trust.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MARTIN: So by me giving it
to you, trusting this path,
you felt that.
And you felt that
love, that God's love,
and that's what you held on to.
Because there was a
knowingness within you
that this was coming
from someone higher.
How else would I know
that I'd have an ear pain
and describe that it hurt?
And I had some water
come out of it?
>>NOORY: Did you have
any doubts that you
would make her feel better?
>>MARTIN: No.
>>NOORY: None?
And what did the doctor say,
Mary, after this was done,
and Willa was fine?
>> FRANKE: Well, the
miracle was they'd never--
they were amazing.
But what healed her, and what
they couldn't even explain
was what Debra did.
Exactly what she said.
All of a sudden, there
was this pus just
globbing out of her ear.
And it was so unfathomable,
they didn't even
take it seriously for two days.
Because they said, it must just
be a separate ear infection
or something.
And finally, infectious
disease came, and swabbed it,
and checked it.
And they were like,
this is the infection
that we were about to have to do
this risky surgery to just try
to get to save her.
And now it's globbing
out of her ear.
And that's not possible,
because there's no pathway.
And it had to have
plowed through,
made its own route out to her
ear instead of infecting her.
>>NOORY: There was a
miracle, wasn't it?
>> FRANKE: It was a miracle,
and they really couldn't explain
it.
And their doctor
language said, well,
this is something you'd read
about in a medical journal.
But we don't really
know how this happened.
>>NOORY: Now Willa
is eight years old?
>> FRANKE: Yes.
>>NOORY: How's she doing?
>> FRANKE: She's wonderful.
I'm so proud of her.
She's all love, kindness.
She sings all day.
She does art.
>>NOORY: Let's bring her in.
Where is she?
Go get her.
>>MARTIN: George, God also
said that this would never
come back for Willa.
>>NOORY: Truly a miracle.
Normally I don't misstep, Debra.
I'm a tough guy.
>>MARTIN: I have
never talked to Willa.
>>NOORY: Well, you will tonight.
>>MARTIN: I'm really close
to the mom and her sister.
We've seen each
other several times.
Oh my gosh, we match, Willa.
How did you know?
>>NOORY: Willa, how
are you feeling?
>>WILLA FRANKE: Really good.
I just drew this.
I didn't get to finish it, but--
>>MARTIN: Oh my gosh.
Did you draw that?
>>FRANKE: Uh-huh.
I didn't get to finish the blue
sky, but it's you and Layla.
>>MARTIN: It's me.
Layla's my dog, and Willa
wants a dog like mine.
That's precious.
Thank you so much.
I can't wait to have it.
>>NOORY: Willa, you were
little when this happened.
You were 14 months old.
You probably don't
remember too much,
but what do you
think of all of this?
You look great.
How do you feel?
>>FRANKE: Pretty good.
>>NOORY: Your mother tells
us that you sing and dance.
>>FRANKE: I do.
>>NOORY: So what are some
of your favorite songs?
Because I'm going to
ask you to do that.
>>FRANKE: I've been working on
this song for a couple minutes
over there in the kitchen.
>>NOORY: Why don't you
give us-- just stand up.
Sing the song for us.
>>MARTIN: We just
need the camera moved,
so we can see her face.
>>NOORY: Move back a
little bit if you can.
>>MARTIN: Willa
knows how to do it.
>>NOORY: She knows technology.
You're on.
>>FRANKE: The pandemic helped.
Did home schooling.
>>FRANKE: (SINGING)
How many days
do you lie awake in
the darkest days?
All I know is if
happy lives a mile
away, a couple stands
is all it takes.
If kindness lives in everyone,
a couple steps is standing up.
>>MARTIN: Wow.
>>NOORY: What a great voice.
>>MARTIN: That's beautiful.
I love the words.
>>NOORY: And I understand
today is your birthday.
>>FRANKE: Uh-huh.
>>NOORY: Happy birthday.
>>MARTIN: Oh, wow.
>>FRANKE: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Bye, Mary.
Bye, Willa.
>>MARTIN: Bye.
[BLOWS KISS]
>>FRANKE: Bye.
Miss you.
>>NOORY: That is a miracle.
>>MARTIN: It's a miracle.
>>NOORY: It's fantastic.
So we just saw Mary and little
Willa and heard from you.
It's one of the greatest
miracles I've ever witnessed.
What exactly did you do to
make that little girl better?
>>MARTIN: Well, I call them
my goddess love healings.
And I tap into a frequency
that I call is God's frequency.
>>NOORY: It's going through you?
>>MARTIN: Through me.
And I offer my body up to
be the instrument and vessel
to receive all that I need
for each and every person
that I heal, not knowing
anything about them.
>>NOORY: Do you ever fear,
Debra, that whatever ailment
they have will transfer to you?
>>MARTIN: No, I never fear that.
I know that I'm the
instrument and vessel.
Now, I may feel very extremely
tired after a session.
I have to do things to
keep myself healthy.
>>NOORY: I bet.
>>MARTIN: But no,
I'm not worried.
I know that when the session
is complete, it's all gone.
>>NOORY: So you feel pretty
good after a session.
>>MARTIN: I'm always in awe.
I mean, listen to that session.
Every session is like that.
I'm on my knees in gratitude.
Sometimes I'm crying,
going, oh, my gosh, I
got to send this one out.
Wonder what's going
to come from it.
And these are the
feedback you get.
And you can't deny
what's taking place--
that these are profound healings
and energy coming from a higher
source.
>>NOORY: How long does it take
you to rejuvenate yourself
after something like this?
>>MARTIN: OK.
So the session
usually lasts an hour.
And then afterwards, I
take the time to relax,
to receive energy for myself.
I also ask in a healing that
I'm receiving energy as well so
that I'm not
depleted completely.
Depending on if it's major--
like a major cancer--
I may have to rest for a
couple hours afterwards.
>>NOORY: Dr. Eric Pearl was
on Gaia's "Inspiration" show,
talking about how he
discovered healing abilities.
>>ERIC PEARL: I went
into the next room.
I worked on the patient.
I told the patient, as always,
to just close their eyes,
relax for a minute or so
before they open their eyes
and got up.
And when he opened
his eyes, he said
to me, who walked into the
room while I was lying here?
I said, no one, why?
He said, no, like
I didn't hear him.
Who walked into the room?
I said, no one.
He said, I heard them come in.
I said, no one came in.
He said, I heard them
standing at the door.
No one was at the door.
I went back and forth
and back and forth.
Finally, he said,
OK, but I could tell
he didn't really believe me.
I didn't give it much thought.
I went in to see
my next patient.
When I finished with
her, she opened her eyes.
She said, who walked into the
room when I was lying there?
I said, no one, why?
She insisted the same story.
>>LISA GARR: Back and forth.
>>PEARL: All in all, seven
patients in this one day
insisted that someone
came into the room,
stood there, walked
around, ran around.
Two of them actually
looked at me
and said it felt as if flying--
someone was flying
around the ceiling.
Now, after 12 years
in practice, no one
had ever said anything
to me like this before.
So seven people in
one day, you would
think that this would
have gotten my attention.
But other patients are
saying, I can feel your hands
before you touch me.
Of course I didn't believe them.
I said, so lie down
and close your eyes.
They had their eyes closed.
I held my hands in different
directions, several feet
to several yards away from them.
They could tell me.
It was aimed toward their feet.
It was aimed towards
their shoulders.
I would see tiny little muscles
in their forehead or chin
ripple, the way you drop
a pebble into water,
and it begins to ripple.
Involuntary muscles-- muscles
we couldn't move by intention.
I would see their eyes
rapidly dart back and forth
when they'd open their eyes.
They would tell me
they were seeing
colors they had never before
seen, smelling flowers
they had never smelled before.
And they started reporting
healings-- real healings.
They were getting up out of
wheelchairs, vision and hearing
returning.
Children with cerebral
palsy and epilepsy
were able to walk and run and
play, not have seizures, not
need their medications.
Their parents would call.
Their doctors would call.
And they'd say, what did you do?
And I said, I
didn't do anything.
And don't tell anyone,
which went over about as--
>>GARR: Were you
afraid of your gifts?
I mean, were you afraid of this?
>>PEARL: No, no.
I may have been--
I don't know what the word is.
I was in awe of something large.
But I don't know that I was
quite ready yet for people
to start talking about it.
>>NOORY: Eric's normally
not speechless like that.
Did you experience similar
things that he did?
>>MARTIN: Yes.
So my healings are distant.
People are never there with me.
They're--
>>NOORY: Never?
>>MARTIN: No, they're in
their own sacred space.
It could be anywhere
in the world.
And that's nice because then
I'm not picking up their energy.
One woman told me,
had she come in,
I had told her that
one side of her body
was higher than the other.
And she said, had I come
in and laid on the table,
you would have seen that because
I didn't have a left breast.
But you wouldn't
have known that,
and you talked about that.
And what's
interesting, he talked
about them feeling the energy,
them feeling his hands,
not even being on the body.
That's what happens
to people that are
relaxing in their sacred space.
They actually feel
the energy that I'm
going through with what
they're going through.
Sometimes I've thrown
up bile, and I find out
they're throwing up bile
at the same time I am.
>>NOORY: How many
of these patients
can you comfortably
handle a day?
>>MARTIN: I will only do one.
>>NOORY: Just one.
>>MARTIN: Yes, because--
>>NOORY: Because it's
got to exhaust you.
>>MARTIN: I just
believe it's their day.
And their healing will
continue through that day.
>>NOORY: What
percent of the people
experience these miracles?
>>MARTIN: I will say, everyone
will receive something.
It may not be exactly
what they think.
But I am only the instrument.
There's times where
I'll be like, really,
I thought that this person
was going to survive.
God, why did you
take this person?
And they said, they received
an easier transition.
They were at peace.
So I never know what
somebody is going to receive.
But I trust that they
will receive something.
>>NOORY: What generally
creates these miracles, Debra?
Is it you or the individual
or both of you together?
>>MARTIN: I believe--
I've had people come
that are totally skeptic.
And they don't need to believe.
They don't need to be a
certain religion to receive.
I believe that it's
out of my power.
There's something
else working here--
a higher power, an absolute
one that is in charge.
>>NOORY: Through you.
>>MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
Through me.
>>NOORY: Let's look at Maureen
Hancock on Gaia's "Open Minds,"
talking about her
miracle recovery.
>>MAUREEN HANCOCK: I fell asleep
at the wheel on a stormy March
night in 1992.
And I was the designated driver.
I had just dropped
all my friends off.
We were at a
nightclub in Boston.
And I got tired.
I was just-- it
was rainy and cold.
And my eyes dropped,
and I hit a tree.
I had just taken the seat belt
off because it was a new car.
It was digging into my neck.
And I was right near my house.
And I felt my
grandmother with me--
the same grandmother who had
the intuitive abilities, read
tea leaves, and her sister
was the well-known mystic.
And she just said, oh, Maureen,
and went through my body.
And I was standing outside of a
completely crushed vehicle when
the fire rescue team came.
And the woman who called 911
said that somebody shook her
out of a sound sleep and said,
go downstairs to the kitchen
now.
And there I was, "Night
of the Living Dead."
I was a mess.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: You
were a little zombie.
And so--
>>HANCOCK: And so they brought
me to a local hospital,
where they realized every
bone in my face was broken.
I had to be rushed to Mass
General, Mass Eye and Ear
in Boston.
And the second CAT scan after
the first one at the local
was completely different.
Everything was healed when
they went to do surgery.
>>MEREDITH: I was going to say,
you would show no marks of that
now.
>>HANCOCK: And I didn't
have to have anything done.
So it was a true miracle.
I mean, we're talking fractured
skull, my eyes, cheeks, nose,
jaw.
I had spinal fluid coming
out and stitches right down
the middle of my face.
>>MEREDITH: Oh, my god.
>>HANCOCK: Yeah.
And so after that, I
started to hear dead people.
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
>>MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Can anybody
perform a miracle?
Or do we have to have the
special gift that you have?
>>MARTIN: I really--
I can't teach it.
So I would say we
have an ability.
But I can't teach
the gift that I have.
>>NOORY: Is it God-given?
>>MARTIN: I believe
mine was God-given, yes.
>>NOORY: But why can't any
of us do this if we believe?
>>MARTIN: I believe there's--
I've gone through so much
to get to where I am.
The trust and to be
at the level that I am
and the relationship
that I have,
to remove my humanness aside,
my ego aside, and allow my body
to be completely
used as a vessel
and then use my mediumship
to hear spirit, what they're
saying, to see the
spiritual surgeons come in,
and to tap into this
frequency-- it's taken years
to come up and develop this
technique that no one else
is doing in the world.
>>NOORY: Are you
afraid of dying, Debra?
>>MARTIN: I'm not
afraid of dying.
>>NOORY: Were you ever?
>>MARTIN: I never really
thought about dying before.
When my parents
passed, I guess I
would say that I'm more
afraid of being buried.
I don't like the thought
of being underground.
But dying, no.
>>NOORY: Hey, I had a
story on "Coast to Coast"
a while back about a lady
who woke up in her casket
at the funeral home.
They heard her
knocking on the casket.
>>MARTIN: Oh, my gosh.
>>NOORY: That's your
phobia, isn't it?
>>MARTIN: Yeah, right.
>>NOORY: How can people call
you for help or assistance?
>>MARTIN: They can go to my
website at goldenmiracles.com.
>>NOORY: Debra, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MARTIN: Mm, thank you.
>>NOORY: You truly
are a miracle worker.
>>MARTIN: Oh, thank you so much.
>>NOORY: Sorry for
getting so emotional.
But I got to tell
you, it felt great.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[AUDIO LOGO]